hey guys and yet today I got a package
in the mail and it's all the way from
Japan as you can see and yeah I've
already opened it so inside we got
probably one of the biggest tours I've
ever seen it's absolutely massive anyway
inside we have three god cards yeah
these are the English versions got more
of these these are a secret world one so
they're much harder to find and the
other ones and here we have a beautiful
um PG which has covering both stars for
Phantom God I think this is the from the
Phantom God set and it's a secret rare
Exodia which I don't have
and finally in mint condition got my
hands on these so it's really nice these
are of course Japanese really nice cars
who adding to my sword your collection
very nicely so show you the back of it
it's just yep Japanese card very very
minute condition and then also got some
of these and
here is an ultra y'all check out it okay
this is an ultimate rare and dark
paladin nothing special but this is just
that I think it looks really cool when
its ultimate rare so I thought I get it
you can see it that well just take out
there you can see now it's really nice
to life am I get it
nice card and an ultimate rare Exodia
the forbidden one it's like double
sleeve they're really nice
so another it will go to my collection
and here we have your card quite nicely
packaged Ernest you're finished so it's
the power of our exa your card and yeah
it's got cooler trim as well
you can retail yeah cool
and this is the DD s um X audio secret
it's a gameboy advance promo I know not
advanced thanks game for color yeah it's
a gameboy color promo from the game a
dark dark duel stories I think it's
called I'm not really sure because you
get the seeker blue-eyes White Dragon
and the secret mission with it but I
just wanted eggs audio so pretty cool
and here we have another set of the em
panting god card set
so I'll show you again just a second say
I've got there this is exactly the same
but yeah I can't help myself bang on how
to set these look really nice love the
old old-school layout of these cars
awesome stuff not finished yet you've
got one more package you can tell it's
called a winged dragon of Ranna so
basically more god cards but these are
the Japanese versions and I got well
I'll just forgot these as well anyway
yeah these are Japanese versions gotta
sleep beautifully so I've got another
set of these a Japanese Japanese version
very nice stuff and I got another set of
the English versions so yeah I got
plenty of these again these are from the
Game Boy Advance prong and last one I
think it was I think it's the last set
of the Phantom guard exodia said I
bought so three sets of this and yeah
guys that ends this video um cut a lot
of stuff in the mail all from Japan and
I hope you guys enjoyed it and yeah I
started watching and I'll see you guys
later bye